🧹 Update documentation (#147)
actions/labeler: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request][pr]
1. Pat yourself on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request being accepted:

- Write tests.
- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, consider submitting them as separate pull requests.

## Releasing a new version

All the concepts from [the actions/toolkit release docs](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/main/docs/action-versioning.md) apply. Please read that first!

Once the changes are merged into main, a repo maintainer should:

1. Bump the package version by running [`npm version [major|minor|patch]`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/commands/npm-version). We adhere to [SemVer 2.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) to the best of our ability. Commit the changes to `package.json` and `package-lock.json` and push them to main.
1. [Draft a new release](https://github.com/actions/labeler/releases/new) pointing to the ref of the version bump you just made. Publish the release to the marketplace when complete.

> 1. Finally: update the most recent "shorthand tag" (v1, v2, v3, etc) to point to the specific ref of the release you just made. For example, if we just released `v1.1.0`, we would rewrite the `v1` tag like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Finally: update the corresponding "major tag" (v1, v2, v3, etc) to point to the specific ref of the release you just made. For example, if we just released `v1.1.0`, we would rewrite the `v1` tag like this:
```

Pretty nit: In most scenarios the most recent would be fine, but these actually correspond to major versions, and occasionally we may do a backport fix, so if you backported a fix to `v1.6` when `v2.0` is already out, you would want to update `v1`

Author: Great point, thanks @thboop!

```
git tag -fa v1 v1.1.0 -m "Update v1 tag to point to v1.1.0"
git push origin v1 --force
```

> 

Author: @TingluoHuang How does this sound to you?

Reviewer 2: I would like to get @thboop to take a look since I haven't done lots of action releases.
